well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so today we're gonna talk
about reparations everybody stick with
me I've been asked to talk about this a
few times by people who can actually ask
me to talk about it first thing I want
to say is we're going to be talking
about things and a lot of generalities
talked about hundreds of millions of
people that will be impacted by this
yes we're had to be talking in
generalities something like that needs a
system we're gonna be talking about
those in the middle of the system the
bell curve all right I'm operating under
the assumption that nobody watching this
was ever a slave owner for was over
slave you don't need to tell me that in
the comments that's not not original
thought okay everybody in the united
states has personally benefited from the
institution of slavery everybody okay if
you're heading to us today you have
benefited from slavery when the US was
founded slavery built it slavery built
this country the wealth generated by
slavery was taken some of it was taken
in taxes laid the foundation for the
government that we now have laid the
foundation for the defense that we have
laid the infrastructure everybody in the
United States has benefited from slavery
everybody the generational wealth
created from the taxes of slavery from
the economic prosperity of slavery
benefited everybody alive today in the
u.s. right now there's some really smart
white guy out there going well that
means the black people benefited from it
too yes yes in that in that specific
sense yes they did they did here's the
thing guys the way US law is structured
way tax law is structured way everything
is structured there's not going to be a
tax on white people to pay for
reparations it's not how it's gonna work
it's gonna come out of the
government fund which means black people
will pay for their own reparations as
little sense as that makes that that's
how it'll end up working otherwise you'd
have people literally you'd have
arguments over how much blood there is
required to be considered black even and
and that's setting aside the fact that
it would never go through
constitutionally now now somebody out
there right now is going to see black
people have less wealth they'll pay less
in tax so it really is a tax on white
people they do have less wealth that's
literally going to be the point I'm
making they haven't had the ability to
create that generational wealth you have
the generational wealth from the public
side from the government side that was
created the private side they haven't
had that ability to create it generally
you know it they haven't had that chance
yet
slavery injury ended in 1865 not really
but anyway there are people alive today
who saw whites only water fountains in
person if we like to act like this was
ancient history it's not the people who
saw that you think they had access to
the same economic opportunities as
everybody else no they haven't had the
ability to create that generational
wealth how does that play out in in real
life what is generational wealth wealth
passed down from one generation to the
next now we tend to think of that as
inheritance but it's more than that when
you go to college the when you go to
college after high school who helps you
out mom and dad right or grandma or
grandpa some rich uncle
you know when times get hard can't make
the bills
who gives you the money that's
generational wealth so you didn't go to
college you want to start a business on
your own who gives you that money for
the business licenses helps you gets the
tools whatever that's generational
wealth that's what it is
it's wealth that gets handed down
doesn't have to be when the person dies
okay and that right there is a issue
that reparations can actually solve you
know if we have the right plan now
problem is I haven't seen the right plan
you know I'm not a bleeding-heart
liberal in the sense the head I just
want to feel better about myself and
feel better about something so let's
throw money at it
if we're gonna throw money it's
something I wanted to produce results so
what we're gonna do is we're gonna take
the biggest number I have seen tossed
out by anybody that could possibly have
the clout to make it happen and we're
gonna use that number as our example
it's a hundred billion dollars for
reparations a hundred billion dollars
that is a lot of money now if you talk
about direct disbursement means cutting
a check that's about $2,700 each it's
kind of insulting isn't it I'm sorry
your family was enslaved and tortured
and you didn't get a fair shake in this
country a really long time i'ma pay your
car note for a year not just is it
insulting it doesn't solve anything that
doesn't actually it's not gonna end the
generational wealth issue by any means
another version that I've seen take that
same hundred billion dollars and use it
for outreach programs by the government
because government programs are so
effective
I don't think that's gonna help either
you know I don't think that free
parenting classes is really gonna be the
issue you know teaching them how to
balance a checkbook is probably not
something that needs to be dumping oh
okay
so what could work I'm basing this off
of what I've seen with some Native
Nations and what they've done with
trusts if you take that hundred billion
dollars and throw it in a trust and use
it to make loans just like the loans
that white families give for college or
for tools business licenses that kind of
things super low interest make them easy
to get when it we're talking about
qualifications but you need to plan you
need to be able to say exactly what
you're going to use that money for so
basically what we're doing is we're
taking the government and since it was
responsible for robbing them of that
generational wealth they become the rich
uncle Uncle Sam now these loans can be
used to start businesses help out when
times get hard pay for education all
sorts of things and instead of it being
$2,700 it can be more than that because
not everybody's gonna access it at the
same time the interest not only should
it help the trust grow it'll pay for the
cost of running it
so what we do in this instance is we
give them that we give them that that
that ability to move as much as they can
in the current society that we have
allow them to be masters of their own
destiny
instead of being still in bondage
because of economic situations because
it I mean it's hard for white people to
get ahead today and it's getting harder
because of the growth of incoming
inequality imagine if you are already
behind the curve so here's the thing
whites should be happy right it's not a
handout by any means it's long it's a
loan and it's gonna solve a problem now
this isn't justice by any means it's not
justice delayed is justice denied this
has been delayed so long it will always
be different there's nothing that is
going to happen in this country that is
going to it's home for slavery it's just
not gonna occur
the time for that passed a long long
time ago but we can still remedy some of
the effects that's about the only thing
that we can do and I think that would do
it I think it would help hold hot anyway
can't wait to see the comments-section
office one it's just a thought though
y'all have a good night